You don't like me because
I don't sign autographs.
(BALL MACHINE WHIRRING)
You don't like me because
I don't smile
for the camera.
You don't like me because
I don't suck up
to the press.
You don't like me
because I make
a lot of money.
But you love me.
Because I'm one of
the greatest hitters alive.
(CROWD CHEERING)
COMMENTATOR:
We're back in Milwaukee,
and the sound
you hear reverberating
across the cities and farms
of the great state
of Wisconsin
is the roar
of the Brewer faithful
for their longtime hero,
Stan Ross.
And here he comes,
with that trademark
arrogant scowl.
2,999 hits to date
in his illustrious career.
Will this at bat,
July 29, 1995,
against the rookie
right-hander Billy Earl,
be the historic moment
when Ross joins
only 20 other major leaguers
-in that elite
3,000-hit club?
-(CROWD CHEERING)
Stan, you gonna be
the best-looking cat
in the Hall of Fame,
that's for doggone sure.
Yo, scrub!
You want my autograph now
or after I make history?
You ain't getting
this hit off me.
This is gonna be
your one career highlight.
You're gonna be
a game-show answer, partner.
-Well, I'll take
"Kiss my Ass" for 1,000.
-Make it 3,000.
You hear that, Joe?
You hear the language
on that rookie?
Kiss my ass.
How about you, Ernie?
I guess you're gonna tell me
to kiss your ass, too?
Hey, why don't
you suck my...
I'll show you
what "kiss my ass"
look like.
I'll show him.
I'll put up this doggone...
(JEERING)
Damn it, Joe! He know better
than to get me pissed off!
COMMENTATOR:
Well, no pitcher
wants to be the one
that gives up
that 3,000th base hit.
Clearly, young Earl
just sent that message
a purpose pitch
to get Ross angry.
BOCA: Come on, Stan,
this is the one!
You know
what I'm talking about!
Hope he trips
and breaks his leg.
(GROANS)
COMMENTATOR:  Oh, my!
It's a vicious line drive
off Earl's...
Well, it's
a bell-ringing base hit.
That's what it is.
(CROWD CHEERING)
Stan Ross is
safe at first...
-Hey, Coach,
get me that ball.
-...with hit number 3,000.
That's the ball that got me
to the Hall of Fame.
-You want this ball, Ross?
-Yeah. Thanks, man.
BILLY: There goes
your damn ball.
You see that, Coach?
You see what he just did?
He threw my Hall of Fame
ball up in the stands.
What's your problem?
-Back up. Back up.
-Move, man!
You be out here
when I get back,
or someone will have to pull
a piece of baseball history
out the crack of your ass!
-What you looking at,
big fella?
-Make a move.
Yeah, okay,
I'll shrink your big ass.
You'll get some, too.
You saw what he did, Coach.
-COACH: All right, guys.
-That ain't gonna mean
nothing, boy.
Who got my ball?
Open that gate.
(CROWD CHEERING)
MAN: Oh, hey, hey.
Check it out.
He's coming to meet me.
Hey, congratulations, Stan.
Give me my ball.
-What?
-WOMAN: What'd he say?
Give me my 3,000-hit ball.
Don't look at your daddy,
damn it.
Give me my ball!
Whoa, make him
a trade at least.
Give him, like, your cap
or an autographed bat.
-I'm not trading anything!
-Hey, whoa! What the...
Are you all right, pal?
Why don't you take
his cotton candy
while you're at it?
So, Stan, were you glad to
get number 3,000
right here in Milwaukee?
Sure. You ask any
of the all-time greats, man.
We all got
a special connection
with our hometown fans.
What connection did you make
with that kid who caught
the ball tonight?
Now, what you talkin' about?
Well, people sitting
in that section
say you threatened him.
I gave him good advice.
What the hell wrong
with you people?
I just became a legend like
Willie Mays, Stan Musial,
and Carl Yastrzemski.
Y'all gonna try to speak
on something negative?
That's exactly
what I'm talkin' about.
That's why I'm quittin'.
REPORTERS: What? What? Huh?
MALE REPORTER: Wait.
What do you mean, quitting?
Quittin'. I'm done.
Hangin' it up.
Now that I got this,
I ain't playin' no more.
And that means
no more talking to
you stank-ass reporters.
REPORTER 1: Excuse me?
STAN: Yeah, that's right.
I'm talking to you,
and I'm talking to you.
And I said "stank-ass."
Why now, with the Brewers
still in the race?
Couldn't you wait
until after the season?
Man, I'd have quit
last season
if I didn't think
you all were gonna try
to block me
from the Hall of Fame.
But it don't matter
'cause I got mine. 3,000.
Like it or not,
I'm a certified immortal.
And there ain't nothin'
in the world
you sons of bitches
can do about it.
Nothin'.
(ANNOUNCER READING)
STAN:  Hey, all you
Milwaukee Leprechauns.
This is Saint Paddy's Day.
Get your shamrock groove on
at Stan Ross'
Mr. 3000 Sports Bar,
located on Peacock Street
in Waukesha County.
We got 3,000
different kind of beers.
We got Wild Irish Rose
and anything
that you might want.
(ECHOES)  But wait.
There's more.
(SNAPS FINGERS)
You want to get
that heavy vibration
from that special someone?
-Get your page on
at 3000 Beeps.
-(PAGERS BEEPING)
Get your hair dyed, fried,
and laid to the side
at 3000 Cuts.
Knick-knack paddy-whack,
get your dog a bone.
And get your woof on
at 3000 Paws.  (MEOWS)
Get your Szechwan feast on
at 3000 Woks.
Bring the whole family down
to Mr. 3000 Shopping Center.
(STAN LAUGHING)
ANNOUNCER:
Mr. 3000 Shopping Center,
located at
3000 Peacock Street...
STAN: First year,
I was 150 votes short.
Come here.
Second year,
I was less than 50,
and so on.
Last year,
I was just four votes away.
Sportswriters hate me.
But my numbers don't lie.
I got 3,000 up there,
one for each one of my hits.
They gotta let me in.
It's my year,
and everybody knows it.
WOMAN: What about him?
STAN: Who's that?
You know who that is.
That's T-Rex Pennebaker.
Best player on the Brewers.
T-Rex Pennebaker ain't
nothin' but a young baller.
I don't even know
why you bother
learning his name,
especially what you got
in front of you,
a living legend.
A certified immortal.
-And I know you don't know
a whole lot of immortals.
-(CHUCKLES)
-Hey, easy, old man.
-"Old man"?
What you mean is "aged,"
like USDA beef.
-It's what's for dinner.
-Not on my plate.
-No?
-No. (GIGGLES)
(CHUCKLES)
Monstrous.
-Just ain't like
the old days, huh, Boca?
-Mmm-mmm.
-Wow.
-Spring training.
You can practically
smell the grass, can't you?
Can't say I can, man.
What, you don't miss it?
STAN: Miss it?
Nah.
See, Stan didn't make
too many friends
when he was playing here.
He wasn't very good
with the press.
We invited him
to Old-Timers' Day
every year since he retired.
That's nine years.
And he never RSVP'd once.
Look, he might not even
want to do this,
you know what I'm saying?
No. What are you saying?
I'm just saying,
"Stan Ross Day."
Retire his number.
The fans, man.
(CROWD CHEERING)
Did he go for it?
Did you hit him
with the fans bit?
How about the part
you say you didn't know
if I would do it?
Boca, I swear, when you
get to going, you can talk
a stripe off a zebra.
Monstrous.
(MUSIC PLAYING)
ANNOUNCER:  And welcome
to beautiful Miller Park.
Ladies and gentlemen,
we're here today
to retire number 21,
worn by one of the Brewers'
all-time greats.
Seven times an All-Star,
a member of that exclusive
3,000-base hit club,
the Wizard of Wood,
the Count of Contact,
and the King of the Swing,
Milwaukee's own Mr. 3000,
Stan Ross!
-(CROWD CHEERING LOUDLY)
-(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING)
Wow.
Damn! I still look good.
(FUNK MUSIC PLAYING)
He hasn't lost his touch,
has he?
And joining us today
to pay tribute to Stan,
let's welcome
former teammate
Bill "Big Horse" Borelli.
Who?
I think he played with you
a couple of months in '79.
He was a middle reliever.
What happened
to Paul Molitor, man?
Robin Yount? Cecil Cooper?
-What happened to them?
-They declined.
We're lucky we got him.
You know, a lot of people
said that Stan only
looked out for himself,
that he wasn't
a team player.
But I'm here to tell you
that if you get 3,000 hits,
you don't have to be
a team player.
What?
If you have a lifetime .314
average, you don't have
to be a good guy.
-(CROWD JEERING)
-If you lead the league
in batting for three years,
you can be the biggest jerk
in the world!
-(CROWD BOOING)
-(LAUGHING)
He laughin', man.
He laughin'.
So on behalf of all of us
who played alongside of you,
congratulations.
Go on, go on, man.
You can't help me now.
Also here with us today,
you remember him well,
number eight,
Anthony Carter.
All right, now, come on.
Tell them like it is, Boca.
Come on, baby.
Now we're talkin'.
Me and Stan were teammates.
STAN: Mmm-hmm.
Man, could he hit the ball.
Tell 'em, baby.
-And I loved him for that.
-I love you more.
(SCATTERED APPLAUSE)
That's it? I'm trying
to get enshrined, Boca.
That's it?
Man, y'all killin' me, man.
All right, Milwaukee,
let's hear it
-for our Brewers' own,
Stan Ross!
-(CROWD CHEERING)
Thank you, David.
Thank you so much.
First of all,
I want to thank you,
Mr. Schembri,
and the entire
Milwaukee Brewers
organization.
And to my main man,
my best friend, Boca Carter.
And, um...
To you, Old Donkey.
-Big Horse.
-Whatever.
But most of all,
I want to thank you all,
the fans.
(CROWD CHEERING)
You were always
there for me.
And I know for a fact,
if it was up to you,
I'd have been
in the Hall of Fame
a long time ago.
But unfortunately,
it's up to a bunch
of sportswriters.
(CROWD BOOING)
Some metalhead half-asses.
How the hell do you bat
3,000 and not be selected
into the Hall of Fame?
What type of
bullshit is that?
(CROWD GASPS)
Let me tell you something.
You all believed in me
when I was at my best.
when I was at my worst.
You. The fans.
(CROWD CHEERING)
That's why I know for a fact
I can depend on you all
to bring me, Stan Ross,
to Cooperstown.
-I can hear you say, "Stan!"
-CROWD: Stan!
-Say "Stan Ross!"
-CROWD: Stan Ross!
Stan Ross!
-He's the boss!
-Say "Hall of Fame!"
-Hall of Fame!
-It's a damn shame!
Over here, say,
"Hell, yeah!"
Hell, yeah!
-Say, "Hell, yeah!"
-Hell, yeah!
-Say, "You're the man!"
-You're the man!
-Let me hear it again!
-CROWD: You're the man!
-They love me.
-CROWD: (CHANTING)
You're the man!
(CHANTING CONTINUES)
-You got a minute?
-Hang on. What?
You know how when we think
somebody's gonna be voted
in, we run the numbers?
-Yeah.
-Every one of the wins,
every home run, every hit?
-Yeah.
-Yeah. Well, we were running
that for Stan Ross.
A list of every one
of his 3,000 hits.
-There's an error.
-One of the hits
was an error?
No, all the hits were hits.
There just aren't
3,000 of them.
Okay. Start over.
Okay, there was a game
in May 1982
-that was called for curfew.
-Curfew.
When they finished
in August, the hits
were recorded twice.
Once in May, once in August.
Stan Ross had three hits
in that game.
That means that
three of the hits
don't count.
-So you're telling me...
-Stan Ross, Mr. 3000,
-has only 2,997 hits.
-2,997 hits.
"...and as Yahko
tried to escape
across the rope bridge,
"he realized
that he was trapped
by both sides,
"by the dreaded, evil boars.
"Yahko knew his only hope
was to do the unthinkable,
"and that was to jump
far, far below..."
-(CELL PHONE RINGS)
-"...into the raging,
raging river."
Hold on, kids.
Hello?
Hey... Hey, man,
the press is eating it up.
What happens to Yahko?
(SHUSHING)
-BOY: What happened
to Yahko?
-What?
-(CHILDREN SHOUTING)
-What happened, man?
CHILDREN:
What happened to Yahko?
-Shut up!
-(SHOUTING STOPS)
BOY: I can't believe
he said that.
2,997? Man, that's bullshit!
-Oh, Mr. Ross.
Please, the children.
-(CHILDREN EXCLAIMING)
-Man, to hell with them
doggone kids. Yahko's dead!
-(CHILDREN GASP)
STUART SCOTT: (ON TV)
The Hall of Fame vote is in,
and Stan Ross is not.
The always-controversial
ex-Brewer had
slowly crept to
within four votes
of enshrinement,
but this time finished
147 votes shy,
following a correction
in the record books
that left him
three hits short
of the magical 3,000.
Looks like Stan's
gonna have to wait...
Turn it off.
...till next year to
wait till next life.
From the green...
I can't let 'em do it to me.
I can't let 'em
take away my legacy.
(FUNK MUSIC PLAYING)
Damn.
You love me
because I'm one of
the greatest hitters alive.
You love me because
I'm one of
the greatest hitters alive.
You love me
because I'm one of
the greatest hitters alive.
I'm back!
The King with the Swing,
the right arm they call
"The Gun,"
Stan Ross.
Nitroglycerin himself.
Number 21,
the man with
the sweetest swing
in the major league,
is back.
(SCOFFS)
You gotta be jokin'.
-How old are you? 50?
-47 and gettin' younger.
-(CHUCKLES)
-That's why I love you, man.
Man, what the hell?
What's your damn
problem, man?
That was four-tenths
of a second.
That's how much time
you have after the ball
leaves the pitcher's hand
to decide whether
it's a fastball,
a split-finger...
Wait, wait.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
What you know about
the game? You ever
played in the majors?
-Figures.
-He's drunk.
No, I've just been
a Brewers fan my whole life,
while you treated
the team and the fans
and the city like dirt.
Yo, Boca,
get this man another bottle.
-Well, thank you.
I appreciate that.
-You're welcome.
-No,
I want you to try it again.
-What?
See, 'cause last time
I wasn't standing
at the plate.
Come on, try it again. Yeah.
-(CHUCKLES)
-Oh!
Boca. See that?
Three more of these,
three more hits.
As I said before,
Stan Ross is back.
Better talk to him, Boca.
Ladies and gentlemen,
number 21,
the great, the fantastic,
Mr. Incredible, Stan.
MAN 1: I thought
when we retired his number,
we wouldn't have to see
that prick anymore.
MAN 2: He's a senior
citizen. Do you think
I want him here?
And he hasn't played
the game in nine years.
MAN 1: It's not like
we're in
the American League anymore,
so he's gotta
play the field.
MAN 2: Can he even
handle first base
at his age, let alone hit?
Fellas.
We are in fifth place,
and we are not
drawing flies.
And we've got two
very long months
ahead of us.
The biggest crowd
we've had all year
was the day we retired
Stan's number.
Now, we give him a physical.
Give him a month
to get in shape.
Then after that
September roster expansion,
if he's up to it,
we put him in the lineup.
-Bo, all I need is a bat.
-That's it, baby.
Look at him.
He ain't got no waist
on him. He got nothin'.
-Stan Ross.
-Hey.
Eddie Richling.
I'm the conditioning coach.
He here to carry you home?
The only thing
Boca gonna carry
is my plaque
to the Hall of Fame.
-That's why I love you, man.
-I love you more, baby.
-Oh, is that right?
-That's right.
-How many push-ups
can you do?
-One arm or two?
Well, I'll tell you what,
man.
Last time I counted, man,
what was it, about 40, 50?
Mmm-hmm.
I got five bucks in
my pocket says
you can't give me ten.
(CHUCKLES) That's easy
money. Back up, man.
-Boca, you better help
your boy down.
-He didn't help me in.
Come on,
let's see what you got.
Okay, well, that's one.
(LAUGHING)
How many is that?
Oh, I don't know.
I'd say 40, 50.
BOCA: That's four.
Come on, Stan.
You got this one.
Oh, oh, oh!
Your knee touched, man.
That's a girl push-up.
That don't count.
You see my knee touch, Boca?
Well, it might have, yeah.
But who said girl push-ups
don't count?
Yeah, who said
girl push-ups don't count?
How you want to pay me,
cash or check?
Oh, look at them arms
starting to shake.
Come on. Come on.
Ahhh!
Okay, Stan, now you ready
to get started for real?
Man, what type of shit
is this?
Hydrostatic weighing.
It's how we're gonna
determine how much body fat
you really have.
I don't need my balls washed
to tell you how much
I weigh.
Hold your breath, Stan.
This ain't nothin'
but a Southern baptism.
It's called modern
technology, Stan.
Recently, the Brewers have
incorporated new methods
of training
into their exercise regimen.
We're gonna get you started
on this bad boy.
-Look at this.
-Mmm-hmm.
-This looks like
some punishment.
-Actually, it's very gentle.
-It's called pilates.
-Pi-what?
Breathe in.
Okay, feel
the extensors now.
I feel like Flipper.
-B, that's what
I'm talkin' about.
-Yeah.
I'm gonna start off
real light, about 463.
Uh, you can throw 463 on
if you want to,
chicken chest,
but your equipment
is right over there.
Remember what I told you.
Keep that ass up, all right?
Push! Whoa, where you going?
Get back here.
Is this a joke?
It's only a joke
if you think weak abs
are funny.
Feel it in your lats?
You ask me about my lats.
Yeah, I feel it.
And my spine
and my butt, too.
EDDIE: Push it!
Push it! Push it!
-Come on!
-BOTH: Ahhh!
(DISCO MUSIC PLAYING)
TRAINER: Come on, now.
EDDIE: Whoa, where you
going? Get back here,
get back here. Come on!
(SCREAMING)
TRAINER: Go! Go!
Whoo! Yeah!
-Okay. Okay.
-This ain't all that bad.
TRAINER: Stand up.
Sit down.
Come on, now up.
42.
43.
-Look at this boy go.
Look at your boy.
-Come on.
-What's your name?
-Stan Ross.
-Tell 'em your name.
-Who are you?
-Stan Ross!
-Louder!
-They call me the boss.
-Who?
-'Cause I pay the cost.
-Why?
-'Cause I'm Stan Ross!
So, tomorrow, man,
you ready?
Game's changed a lot
since we last played.
I still see the ball.
I still hit the ball.
Mmm-hmm.
All day.
But I do miss playin'.
I know I always said
I didn't, but I do.
Ain't nothin' like hittin'
in the major leagues,
bein' a part
of that great tradition.
I never felt that
type of respect that
I felt on the ball field.
That kind of attention.
Oh, shoot, that reminds me.
You got a call this
afternoon. Some ad-agency
guy from New York.
Endorsement? Was it Reebok?
It's not Reebok.
Adidas or Nike?
Viagra.
What?
Viagra, man.
You'd be the spokesman.
I ain't gonna be
no damn spokesman
for no Viagra.
(LAUGHING)
I can still
swing my bat, Bo.
-SCHIEMBRI:
Are we ready to roll here?
-(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Okay, the Milwaukee Brewers
are pleased to be able
to help a member
of the Brewer family
reclaim his rightful place
in baseball history.
So it is with great pride
that I introduce to you
-the once and future
Mr. 3000, Stan Ross.
-Thank you.
(REPORTERS APPLAUDING)
Thank you, Mr. Schiembri,
and to the Milwaukee Brewers
organization.
And I promise you,
it won't be like last time
when I'm in front
of the microphone
-with all that cussin'
and shit, you know?
-(ALL LAUGHING)
-Hey, Stan.
-Yes?
Is this only about
getting back to 3,000 hits,
or do you truly believe you
can help make the Brewers
more competitive
on the field?
How could I not make them
more competitive?
Let me be
a little bit polite here.
The Milwaukee Brewers
are weak.
-REPORTER: Here we go.
-Who they got?
They're a Little League
team. You all know it.
They need me.
How do you think
you'll adjust to
the contemporary game?
You ever heard of
Harold Melvin
& The Blue Notes?
Earth, Wind & Fire?
Some things
just always play well.
A little old-school is
exactly what
this team needs.
-WOMAN: What if
you don't hit?
-What's that?
I said,
"What if you don't hit?"
If all this talk is
just talk and
it becomes obvious
that you're hurting
the team,
will you take yourself
out of the lineup?
I said I'm gonna hit.
And when I say I'm gonna
do something, I do it.
-That's not
always how it works.
-Well, it is for me.
-Not the way I remember.
-CROWD: Ooh.
Well, maybe you remember
something you thought
I said I was gonna do,
but didn't say
I was gonna do it,
'cause I cold-blood
do everything
I say I'm gonna do.
(CHUCKLES) Is that the way
you were raised?
Straight up and down,
like 6:00.
So what does your
mama think about all this
comeback foolishness?
-(REPORTERS EXCLAIMING)
-Why are we getting
on this mama stuff?
Okay, okay.
That's it for today, folks.
Thank you very much.
(REPORTERS CLAMORING)
-You really nailed him
on that one.
-(LAUGHING)
-Maureen.
-Hey.
What you doing here?
What do you think?
I'm covering
a story for ESPN.
Uh-huh. Why you, though?
(SCOFFS) They sent me.
Just by chance,
you ain't here to see me?
No, I'm on assignment.
They asked me
to cover a story,
so I'm covering it, period.
I'll see you
at the ball park.
-Mo, Mo, Mo, Mo.
Wait, wait, wait.
-(SIGHS)
How about an exclusive?
See? You and me?
-Huh?
-(BOTH CHUCKLE)
So, you think
you'll get three hits
in your first three at bats
and get this thing
over with?
Come on, Mo,
I'm 47 years old.
It'll probably take me
maybe...four at bats.
(MO LAUGHS)
You're one of a kind,
Stan Ross.
Thank you
for sitting down with us.
-Good luck tonight.
-Thank you.
That's it. Thanks, guys.
That's a wrap.
-That wasn't too bad, now,
was it?
-That was great.
After I get my hits today,
you want to come by
the house to celebrate?
You know, you better keep
your mind on the game,
Mr. 3000.
You thinkin', eh?
Well, we'll see
in a few hours, won't we?
Stan, you the man.
Livin' legend, baby.
Yes, sir, all you got to do
is walk up in there
and take those youngsters
to school.
MASCOT: Hey, oh, good.
Hey, buddy, come here.
Help me out, please,
with the zipper.
-Can you give me a hand?
-You best mean a handshake.
Wait a minute.
You're Stan Ross.
Stan, Stan! Huge fan.
You gotta help me out.
You gotta unzip me.
I'm gonna tell
all my buddies.
"Stan Ross unzipped
my pants."
-You crazy.
-Oh, I'm crazy?
Thinkin' I'm crazy?
Where is he?
Stan, Stan, Stan!
Let me tell you
something, Stan!
I am crazy!
Crazy for asking you
to give me a hand!
-(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
-(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
WOMAN: Yeah, good luck
on tonight's game.
(CHEERING ON TV)
Phew!
(CHUCKLES)
Now, this shit is all right.
Uh-huh. Sound effects
could be a little bit louder
when a brother hit it.
That shit should
sound like a cannon!
MAN 1: Mr. Ross.
I'm Rick,
the clubhouse assistant.
Just Stan.
Call me just Stan.
All right. That's your
locker right over there.
-Thank you.
-Mmm-hmm.
MAN 2: Go ahead, man.
It's in my locker.
-I'm Stan Ross.
-I know who you are.
I grew up watching
your excellent play
on television.
You are hero to many
young Japanese players.
But you have hole
in your ass.
Hole in my ass?
-What's his problem?
-That's Fukuda.
He was taught
English pretty good
in school in Japan,
but they never taught him
to cuss worth a damn.
But why he cuss me out?
I ain't never did nothin'
to him.
Brother, you're looking
at 25 Little Leaguers here
who all wanna give you
an ass-whupping.
Oh, six to three!
Six to three, man!
-Six to four.
-You're right, six to four.
I was trying to cheat.
Minadeo, Skillett.
Second and short.
They'll go at it
over anything.
-(EXCLAIMS) What are you
talking about?
-No! That's half out.
-It all got to be
in the basket.
-Half went in.
-It has to go in, all of it!
-Skillett, you always
trying to pull this...
What do you say, Grandpa?
Does that count?
Grandpa?
-MAN: Here it is.
-Oh, lineup.
-A base hit, dinner's on me.
-Ah, yes!
Now batting leadoff.
Skills that pay the bills.
(LAUGHS)
Whoo!
Was Panas here yet
back when you were playing?
Yeah, he was here.
But I don't think I was
one of his favorites.
Stan Ross, you bat eighth!
Ha-ha!
Eighth?
That's for banjo hitters.
Man, I never batted lower
than fifth in my life.
You bat that now,
you son of my dick.
Son of my dick?
(CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Hey, what size you swinging
over there, Old School?
-34-ounce,
like I always have.
-(CHUCKLES)
You sure you can still
get around with that
at your old age?
Don't you worry about me.
I've been swinging
this thing sweet
before you knew which side
of the bat was the good end.
Whoo!
-Yeah, I swing a 36 myself.
-Yeah, that's big talk.
I got a hammer my damn self.
Come on, Coach.
MAN: Ross, you suck!
How's it feel, Stan?
REPORTER: How about
an interview
after the game?
Come on now,
don't distract me.
I'm hittin'.
Hitting's my business.
(MAN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
STAN: That's what
I'm talkin' about.
There we go!
Lookin' good, Stan.
-Lookin' good.
-MAN 1: Stan!
Still the Wizard of Wood!
-Bingo.
-MAN 2: Whoo! That's it!
Oh, yeah.
I'm about take
it up business.
(ORGAN MUSIC PLAYING)
(CROWD CHEERING)
CROWD: Charge!
Charge!
COMMENTATOR:
Bottom of the third,
and the cheers you hear,
and the boos,
for that matter,
are for Stan Ross.
It's the reason most of
the 38,000-plus fans
are here tonight.
(CHEERING)
ANNOUNCER:
First baseman, number 21,
Stan Ross!
(FUNK MUSIC PLAYING)
CROWD: (CHANTING)
Go, Stan! Go, Stan!
(CROWD CONTINUES CHANTING)
-This guy throws
pretty hard, pops.
-Is that right?
Well,
I hit pretty hard, son.
(CHANTING INTENSIFIES)
Strike one!
(EXHALES) Come on, Stan.
Be aggressive.
I am. Stay focused.
Keep your eye on the ball.
I'm looking dead at it.
I don't need you to
tell me what to do.
Come on in.
I've been here before.
This ain't
my first picnic, baby.
Ooh! Stan was
a hair off timing that big
breaking ball from Hamilton.
Of course, all season long,
a lot of hitters
who aren't 47 years old
have been fooled
by Hamilton.
-And we're
the Little Leaguers?
-(ALL LAUGHING)
Not so aggressive, baby.
Focus.
He playin' you.
Let him play to you, baby.
Come on.
Come on, Stan.
Come on, baby.
Strike!
COMMENTATOR:
Inside fastball, and
Stan Ross is out of there
on three straight pitches.
It looks like
it could be a long night
for the King of Swing.
(NEWS THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
What up?
Welcome to  SportsCenter,
Stuart Scott with you.
We got some more baseball.
Braves at Brewers.
(CHUCKLES)
Who cares?
Well, Stan Ross cares.
The first week at bat was
a lot of like the first week
out of the womb for Stan.
A whole lot of drooling
and a whole lot of
just flailing around
for the erstwhile
King of Swing.
Let's check out
the highlights.
Well, Stan the man
more like Stan the statue,
just chilin' at a curve
for strike one. Next pitch.
Now, wait a second.
What was it that Stan said
about the rest of his team?
The Milwaukee Brewers
are weak. Who they got?
They're a Little League
team. They need me.
SCOTT:  Uh-huh.
Little Leaguers, huh?
Well, my nine-year-old,
I think, has a better swing
and better eyes than that.
Oh! Just chilin' at
a called strike three, and,
well, that'll get you
some halitosis action.
Yeah, when you get
just a little too close
to the umpire.
Stan's not done. I think
he decided to do a little
bit of spring cleaning.
Either that, or he just
wants to symbolize
how well he's been playing.
-Yeah, garbage!
-(INAUDIBLE)
Now, I'm not gonna say
that every Brewer
but Stan had a hit,
but I am gonna say that,
well, every Brewer but Stan
that played had a hit.
Our Maureen Simmons
was at the game
and had post-game duty.
Not the day Stan Ross
or the Milwaukee fans
had in mind.
Word around the organization
is that manager Gus Panas
is particularly unhappy
having Ross back
in the lineup.
Apparently, he hasn't
forgotten the way that Stan
abandoned the team
in the middle
of the pennant race
nine years ago. Stuart.
The press
is having a field day.
Hey, they're just
getting even with Stan
for all the years of abuse.
For turning this team
into a laughingstock.
Five games and hasn't
gotten close to a hit.
How long
do we let this go on?
We got 35,000 people
in the park today.
We're committed to this
whether Stan Ross ever gets
another hit or not.
You sure you don't
want anything stronger
than that club soda?
-Oh, no, I'm good.
-Thanks, Boca.
-Why you call him Boca?
-Look at him.
He look like he's ready
for Boca Raton with them
track suits, don't he?
-Stan don't appreciate
my velour.
-That's all he wears.
Mo, I swear, he has
a black one for funerals.
Just comin' from me,
I think my man
take his old Reebok
endorsement deal
a little bit too serious.
-Hey, a lifetime supply.
-That's why I love you.
-No, no,
that's why I love you.
-No, I love you more.
-No, no, I love you more.
-No, no, I started the love.
-And your life's
been richer ever since.
-(LAUGHS) I hear you.
-Nice to see you again, Mo.
-Mmm. You, too, Tony.
You hire a fancy decorator
to help you do this place?
-Girl, you need
to quit fighting.
-(LAUGHING)
You know doggone well
you thought
I was gonna be old and tired
when I quit the game.
-Honestly, I never
really thought about it.
-Oh, yeah, you thought it.
But I got news for you.
I own this place and I own
all the stores next door.
3000 Suds, 3000 Woks,
and 3000 Beeps.
Mmm-hmm. That's
why you're comin' back.
So all them names
still makes sense.
(CHUCKLES)
Sister, you know why
I'm comin' back.
'Cause I deserve to be
in the Hall of Fame with
the other immortals.
You know, you really
shouldn't word it like that.
-Is that right?
-Mmm-hmm.
-What?
-Oh, you know what.
-You better hush.
-You eatin' that steak.
Ooh! Let me see something.
Come here. Flex.
-Mmm-mmm.
-Mo, Mo, baby, look at you.
-Please, Stan.
-Come on, Mo.
Look at you, Mo.
(EXCLAIMS) And quick still.
You gonna eat this?
You sure got time to eat.
Baby, you hungrier
than a hostage.
Ooh, take a bite
out of crime.
-(MO LAUGHING)
-That'd kill me,
I'll tell ya.
I thought the lady
must have...
Wait a minute.
Wait, wait, wait.
You don't train no more.
You don't drink no more.
Now, what's up with that?
'Cause I remember
how you used to drink
half the American League
underneath the table.
Well, I realized I had
to start cuttin' loose
from those things that
weren't getting me anywhere.
Where you need
to be gettin'?
On with my life.
We don't stay
young forever, Stan.
Come on. Come on.
You know we're young enough.
Ooh, I don't think so,
Mr. Ross.
Come on, now. I know you
remember what it was like.
You can't tell when we have
something pretty special.
-Good night.
-What about Kansas City?
That was
a mind-blowing weekend.
You mean to tell me
you forgot about that?
-Bye-bye.
-Cleveland.
When I had your toenails
poppin' off
like Redenbacher.
-Bye.
-Come on, how about Toronto?
(TIRES SCREECHING)
God.
-Uh-huh.
-Oh.
-Come on, say it.
-Come on, now.
You know I didn't expect you
to surprise me in Toronto.
You know how those
Canadian groupies are.
-Come on, now.
-You know what?
Don't give me that crap.
You're a selfish man.
You always were.
Okay, if you so upset,
why was you wanting
to get back with me
every now and then?
Yeah, we got together
for a night
but I didn't stay
for breakfast now, did I?
We'd still be doin' it
if you didn't take
that ESPN gig.
Well, when there's
a better offer on the table,
you gotta take it.
(ENGINE STARTS)
-I'll pay for it.
-Bye-bye.
COMMENTATOR:  The count
is 1-1 on the
second baseman Minadeo.
Brewers down by four.
Runner at first.
They sure could use
a little spark here.
Glickman now on the mound,
working from the stretch.
Throws to first,
and then picked him off.
Skillett is caught napping.
When is this ball club
going to wake up?
Another mistake.
Minadeo steps back in.
Here's the wind
and the pitch.
Swung on, a one-hopper
back to the mound.
He bobbles it,
but what's Minadeo doing?
He's not running.
Now they pick it up.
-The throw to first,
and he's out.
-(CROWD BOOING)
-Ah!
-Come on!
STAN: Look at that.
There should be a man
on first and second.
But easy, Gus.
Don't get excited.
I don't want you
to pop no blood vessel.
What you all havin', prayer?
COMMENTATOR:  The only
shining star on the team
these days
is their strapping
young outfielder,
T-Rex Pennebaker.
But even his
impressive power numbers
have done little to stop
the Brewers' losing streak.
(CROWD CHEERING)
Pennebaker digs in.
And here's the windup
and the pitch.
Swung on and a deep,
deep drive to left field.
It's going, going. It is...
Gone!
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(CROWD CHEERING)
Four to one. Yet another
bases-empty home run
for T-Rex Pennebaker.
(CHEERING CONTINUES)
What the hell is that?
That right there?
That's a little
somethin' somethin'
for  SportsCenter.
Plus, that will look tight
in next year's video game.
-MAN: Nice hit.
-What the hell
you call yourself doin'?
Yo, I'm puttin' the show
in the show.
But your team losin'.
Instead of you playin',
you makin' like
Mr. Bojangles.
(LAUGHS)
I just hit a home run, son.
Maybe you was takin'
a grandpa nap
during that part.
(LAUGHS)
But your team gettin'
picked off. Your boys ain't
beatin' out grounders.
There should've been
two men on
when you hit that homer.
It should be
a ball game right now.
Yo, so yell at them,
Old School.
Get up out of my face, man.
I did my job.
But you're the superstar.
You the superstar.
You set the tone.
Listen here.
When you get a base hit
in this millennium,
then you can come on
down there and talk to me.
Is that right?
Yeah, that's right.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Hey, Stan, you think
that diaper's affecting
your swing?
Maybe you should use
something lighter.
How about a Wiffle bat?
(LAUGHS)
How 'bout I shove
my Hall of Fame up the crack
of your mascot ass?
Make you a hot dog
on a stick, bitch.
Yeah? I might be
a sausage with teeth,
but you sure as hell
ain't no Hall of Famer!
(JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)
What?
STAN: Looks familiar?
Familiar? Well, you ain't
changed nothing since
back in the day.
In fact, I don't think
you even vacuumed.
Well, why mess
with perfection?
Oh, honey, now
I can think of a lot of
descriptions for this couch,
and perfection
ain't one of them.
(CHUCKLES)
So, what's the deal
over there?
How come I hardly ever
see you on  SportsCenter
anymore?
Oh, you know. They got
some pretty young thing
they tryin' to groom.
That's some bull.
They can't treat you
like that.
No, no, no. I remember
once upon a time
I pushed out a 40-year-old.
Listen, I ain't been playin'
this game long enough
not to know how it goes.
STAN: Mmm-hmm.
But I've been lookin' ahead
toward it, you know?
I'm gonna start producing
next year. I'm goin'
behind the camera.
-Oh, you go, girl.
-(CHUCKLES)
Like I've been telling you,
Mr. Ross, you can't beat
Father Time.
Well, how come you really
haven't settled down?
The right man wasn't right.
-(SEDUCTIVE MUSIC PLAYING)
-Mmm-hmm.
(GROANS)
-What's the matter with you?
-That's my song.
Come on, bump with me, Mo.
Don't leave me hangin'.
Come on, baby, come on.
I need you now.
Don't leave me hangin'.
Come on.
Come on. Come on out here.
All right, only 'cause
I like this song, too.
Not 'cause I like you.
I'll take it.
Come on.
MO: Hey.
(CHUCKLES)
Still got it, girl.
Still got it.
-Stan.
-Yeah, baby?
Honey,
stop chasing the butt.
You know what, Mo?
The best sex I ever had
was with you.
-What?
-Yeah.
You had girls
in every city in baseball.
-It wasn't the best.
-Why is that?
-We do it longer?
-Not really.
-More positions, then?
-I ain't goin' there.
Mmm-hmm. More times a night?
-Oh, you still
hold the record.
-(LAUGHS)
I don't know, baby.
Guess I like the rest of it.
The rest of it? What's left?
Well, you know.
I like the sleepin'
and talkin'
and hangin' out
and stuff like that.
But that's not sex.
-It is to me.
-No, it's not sex.
What you call that?
(BOTH MOANING)
Before we go too far,
I want you to know
I can't spend the night.
-Why not?
-Early flight.
Where you gotta go?
I got three games before
we go on the road.
-Mmm-hmm,
but I got to get back.
-You got to get...
Wait a minute.
Wait, wait, wait.
Are you givin' up on me, Mo?
What you got
to say about that?
You know I don't have a say.
I go where I'm assigned.
You tell 'em I'm startin'
to swing the bat good again?
Mmm. I'm just a reporter.
I don't make the news
or even decide
what is the news.
-You givin' up on me, too.
-Mmm-mmm.
You just got to
make the news, baby.
Start hittin' that ball.
-Come on, come on.
-What?
-Come on.
-You want to go up?
Stay down? What?
No. I'm not in the mood
right now.
You...
(LAUGHING)
You're kiddin', right?
You're not in the mood?
-No.
-Oh, come on, baby.
No, I got a headache.
Really? You gonna tell me
you got cramps, too?
Maybe.
You know... (SCOFFS)
Whatever.
(SMACKS)
(LAUGHS)
All right, now. I'm leavin'.
Oh, Lord, just when
I thought I'd seen it all.
(DOOR CLOSES)
T-REX:  When you get
a base hit
in this millennium,
then you can come on down...
STAN:  I can
still swing my bat.
MO:  You think
you'll get three hits
in your first three at bats?
(OVERLAPPING CHATTER)
SCOTT:  Stan the man
is like Stan the statue.
T-REX:  When you get
a base hit...
MO:  You just got to
make the news, baby.
Start hittin' that ball.
MAN: (ON CARTOON)
One, two, three strikes!
You're out!
Oh, uh, bat boy.
Ooh, ooh, a little testy.
A little testy.
Anybody have
a Stan Ross rookie card?
(SCATTERED CHEERING)
Quite valuable. If you look
on the back, you'll see
it's written in Latin.
You see, very old.
Very old card.
It's on parchment.
-(CHANNEL CHANGES)
-He's now 0-27
in his comeback.
At what point, Peter,
does the rust come off?
I'm not sure it ever does.
Remember, Jim Palmer
tried to come back
after he was already
in the Hall of Fame,
and he kept himself
in a lot better shape
than Ross.
SCOTT:  Why does the media
hate this guy so much?
Because he's a jerk.
ANNOUNCER:
Because T-Rex is the best
in power and performance.
Find it at Radio Shack.
Radio Shack.
You've got questions.
We've got answers.
TONY:  'Cause I want my hits
that got stolen from me.
Those hits are my ticket
to the Hall of Fame.
He's not going to the Hall
of Fame! You think three
hits are keeping you out?
TONY:  3,000 hits, baby,
it's automatic. Look at me.
I'm lookin' at you.
You're 47 years old.
You're fat,
you're out of shape...
ANNOUNCER:
...it's in the game.
Favorite portion
of the show,
the comedy portion.
I'm gonna say it here
on the show.
The woman that puts on
the sausage outfit that
races around Miller Park
has got a better chance of
getting a hit
than Stan Ross.
-(AUDIENCE JEERING)
-SALLEY:  That's
not fair, Tom.
You gotta understand,
he's a black athlete.
Black athletes age slower.
George Foreman didn't know
when to get out.
Mike Tyson didn't know
He's gonna do well.
ARNOLD:  Michael Jordan
struggled, and he was
only out two years.
This guy hasn't played
since I was married
to my first wife.
DARLING:  It just isn't
possible to get out
in his day.
He's a bad teammate.
SALLEY:  Don't say that, man.
Stan Ross was
a great athlete.
DARLING:  Stan's
all about Stan.
ARNOLD:  The Brewers
knew exactly
what they were getting into.
It's a publicity stunt,
just like when the White Sox
hired that midget.
SALLEY: Tom, you can't say
"midget." They're called
small people now.
That guy was small
for a friggin' midget, man!
It's like if the Red Sox
thawed out Ted Williams,
although he'd hit better
than Stan, I bet.
Listen, Stan's playing
right now like he's frozen.
SALLEY: Stan's embarrassing.
He's embarrassing me.
He's embarrassing him.
He should just give it up.
You know, when an athlete
gets to that point,
he loses all his pride.
ARNOLD: Yeah,
you're making me cry, John.
I don't think
he's embarrassed.
I think he's having
a big-ass party
at his place now,
got bitches all around
and counting all his money.
I don't think Stan cares.
DARLING: Wrong!
He's embarrassed.
Definitely embarrassed.
He used to be able to hit,
cannot hit now.
SALLEY: Very embarrassing,
especially with all
the bitches he got around.
(TURNS OFF TV)
Hey, Boca.
You think I should quit?
Do your thing, man.
-You think?
-I'm just saying.
Yeah, you're right.
I got three home games
against the Astros
before we go on the road.
I'm gonna play those games,
and that's it.
If I don't get a hit,
it's over.
I'm not goin' on the road.
What you think, Boca?
Do your thing, man.
You think?
I'm just saying.
Yeah.
You're right.
You want to get married?
You the only one
that love me, man.
I'm serious.
I've been waitin' 20 years
for you to ask me that.
And now that you have,
I don't know.
Yeah, you right.
-Okay, Erica Kane.
-Dog, come on.
All My Children.
You need to step up
the degree of difficulty.
Asa Buchanan.
-That's ABC, right?
-Ain't telling you nothing.
-Oh!  One Life to Live.
-Yeah.
-Okay, I got one for you.
-Come on.
-Don Roberto.
Oh, that's the dude
with the cologne.
Guiding Light.
(LAUGHING)
-What?
-Wrong!
It's  Amigas y Rivales.
No, no, we're not doing
Spanish shows, man.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
-I don't know
what you're saying now.
-(SPEAKING SPANISH)
-What the hell they doing?
-Seeing who can
name the soaps.
You known me for two years.
Have I ever spoken Spanish?
Hey. Why don't you have
a contest guessin' the team
losin' this game?
-Stupid.
-MAN: Come on, Stan.
Get a hit, Grandpa.
UMPIRE: Strike!
(ORGAN MUSIC PLAYING)
CROWD: Charge!
-STAN: Oh...
-Strike three!
He tucks his arm
in on the curve.
ANNOUNCER: (ON PA)
Number 21, Stan Ross.
(GRUNTS)
Out!
You see that?
Hey, Skillett!
I was all over
that nickel curve ball.
I mean, all over it.
-T-REX: Looked like
a groundout to me.
-Say what, partner?
I said, "It looked like
a groundout to me."
You don't see it.
He tipped his pitch,
and I called it.
Koron, how long
has this pitcher been
in the league?
-Two years.
-STAN: Two years, man!
He's showin' his pitch,
and he don't even know it.
Look here,
watch his right arm.
His elbow go in like this.
He grip the ball.
He throwin' a curve ball.
Dip, grip, curve ball.
Come on, man! Skillett!
Come on, baby! Come on!
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
COMMENTATOR:
Runners lead away,
and Fukuda
working from the stretch.
The pitch, and a swing
and a solid line-drive
single to left field.
And another run scores.
The Astros in a position
now to break
this game wide-open.
Hey! You okay?
I don't want Panas
to take me out.
I had a few bad outings
in a row, and if I don't get
my face out of my ass
and get out this inning,
I know the team is going
to give me the shoe.
-Give you the shoe?
-Yeah, the shoe.
Look, don't be thinkin'
negative out here. Okay?
Just keep the ball
low and away.
We'll get you
out the inning.
Then I'm gonna work
on your cussin'.
All right? Come on.
Let's go, baby. Let's go.
ANNOUNCER: (ON PA)
Shortstop, number three,
Cecil Gervis.
COMMENTATOR:  Gervis,
with a six-game hitting
streak, at the plate.
Fukuda checks his sign.
The right-hander
from the stretch,
checks the runners now,
and here's the pitch.
A big swing and a slow
roller towards short.
-Skillett charges.
His only play is to first.
-Safe!
-He's safe.
The bases are loaded.
-He's out!
-And Ross is hot.
-That's the third out!
That's the third damn out!
Ray Charles could've
called that call!
-Last warning. Last warning.
-Damn you, man!
(EXHALES)
Be with me. Just be with me.
Come on, let's go. Let's go!
Two out! I don't even know
why I bothered comin' back.
You can't play.
You definitely can't ump.
You need to relax, old man,
before you pop a valve.
-You need to sit
your ass down.
-Yeah? Why's that?
-Because you out, sucker.
-He's out!
Right here, baby!
Grab some, bitch!
(HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING)
(CROWD CHEERING)
(ALL CHEERING)
CROWD: (CHANTING)
Let's go, Brewers, let's go!
STAN: Their man keep
throwing curve balls.
That's all he got.
He done lost his slider.
He done lost his fastball.
Curve ball. Curve ball.
Watch this, watch this.
Watch. Here you go.
What'd I tell you?
What'd I...
-Curve ball.
-Curve ball. Listen to
what I'm telling you.
If he throw another
curve ball, I'm gonna slap
the shit out of T-Rex.
Watch him.
Watch. Watch. Watch him.
Yes! Curve ball!
(DISCO MUSIC PLAYING)
Ah, what'd I tell you?
What'd I tell you, baby?
What'd I tell you, homes?
Yo, what are you
jawin' about now,
Old School?
He tipped his pitch.
I know you saw it.
Are you still talking
about that weak-ass
ground ball, man?
Yeah, I'm talking about it.
All right, let me
tell you something, man.
-All right?
I hit 43 home runs.
-What?
43 home runs before you ever
even got here, man.
I don't need none of that.
So save it!
REPORTER 1: T-Rex!
REPORTER 2: T-Rex.
This is the 31st time
this year you've homered,
but your team's lost.
-Does that get to you?
-My team lost, huh?
You know what, man?
This ain't my team.
If this was my team,
these fools would be hittin'
home runs like I'm hittin'.
And they'd be stealin' bases
like I'm out there stealin'.
I'm the only one out there
gettin' mine. What the rest
of these fools doin'?
They ain't doin' crap!
Talk about a team!
We go out there every day,
but there ain't
no nine guys.
There ain't no team.
This is me up in here.
There's eight other cats
that can't even carry my...
STAN: Whoa, whoa, whoa.
(CHUCKLES)
Boy, that pup sound
just like me
back in the day, I swear.
Boy, I'm tellin' you.
But you all didn't catch
the real story
on tonight's game. No.
-Come here.
Let me ask you a question.
-(REPORTERS CHATTERING)
When was the last time
you saw a 47-year-old man
end an inning with
the hidden-ball trick, huh?
REPORTER 1: Is that
the first time you ever
pulled that off in a game?
REPORTER 2:
Are the Brewers goin'
to the World Series?
(ALL LAUGHING)
STAN: It was 1989,
against the Mariners.
(CAR LOCK CHIRPS)
Yo, T-Rex. Hold up.
You know why I stepped in
tonight with them reporters?
Yeah.
'Cause you can't stand
to see another brother
gettin' some attention.
Boy, that's what you think?
Yeah, man,
that's what I think.
Let me tell you something.
You keep talking about
your teammates
the way you do,
boastin' about yourself,
you're gonna end up
all by yourself.
All alone and empty,
like you are right now.
You know what's
gonna happen?
They're gonna retire
your number someday,
and Big Horse Borelli
gonna be standin' right
up there with you.
(SCOFFS) Who the hell is
Big Horse Borelli?
That's my point exactly.
Nice car.
(WHISTLING)
COMMENTATOR:  He's picking
up his stride, blowing away
the competition.
Looks like the bratwurst
is getting smoked.
No pun intended, kids.
Looks like number three,
the Italian sausage,
has won the race.
(ALL CHEERING)
-Now batting,
first baseman...
-(CROWD CHEERING)
...Number 21, Stan Ross.
(ORGAN MUSIC PLAYING)
Come on, man.
CROWD: Charge!
A-ha!
Yeah! (LAUGHS) Whoo!
(FUNK SONG PLAYING)
(PANTING)
(ALL CHATTERING)
(LAUGHING)
CROWD: (CHANTING)
Stan! Stan! Stan!
(CONTINUES CHANTING)
(ALL CHEERING)
Yo, listen up, y'all. Yo!
Yo! Yo, listen up!
That was a good game, y'all.
Hey, Stan Ross.
I got one question
for you, man.
Yo, man, what the hell
was you thinkin'?
(LAUGHTER)
Y'all saw Old Man River
swimmin' all up in the dirt
for a hit today! (LAUGHS)
Yo, but, listen, man.
How many games
we got left in this season?
KORON: Eleven.
Eleven games left, y'all.
And how many games
out of third place are we?
Seven.
Seven games.
We're only
seven games out, y'all.
Now, I don't see
a damn reason
why we should settle
for being in fifth place!
PLAYERS: Yeah!
So, come on! Let's get
it together, let's do this
like it's October!
PLAYERS: Yeah!
Yeah! Yeah!
(ALL CHEERING)
Hey! Let's get
Brewers on three.
Brewers on three!
-One, two, three!
-ALL: Brewers!
-Brewers!
-One, two, three!
Oh! But listen, listen.
I'm on third base, right?
Nolan Ryan looking at me
like he want
to kill me, right?
Boca getting ready to bunt.
Now, the manager
didn't call it or nothin'.
But I know
Boca's a ballplayer.
He's the real deal.
Plus, I know what
he thinkin'.
He was thinkin' that I was
thinkin' what
he was thinkin'.
Look, I'm getting ready
to sprint towards home.
I'm tearin' down the line,
Boca decided he wanted
to swing away.
-I wasn't thinkin'.
-The man wasn't thinkin'.
I mean, hit a screamin'
liner right past my head.
All I heard...
Oh, hold on, fellas.
Hold on.
Uh-oh.
(ALL SINGING
SPORTSCENTER  THEME MUSIC)
(PLAYERS LAUGHING)
So, you're a story again.
Still mad at me? Hmm?
Nah. I'm hittin' now.
(CHUCKLES)
(SEDUCTIVE MUSIC PLAYING)
-(MO YAWNS)
-Mmm-mmm.
-Mmm?
Mmm.
-Mmm-hmm.
-Mmm-mmm.
Mmm.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
See, this is the part
I'm talkin' about.
(SIGHS)
Yeah.
Well...
Hey, where you goin'?
-I gotta go.
-You gotta go where?
I just...
(SIGHS)
Gotta go.
-What's up?
-Look, Stan.
It was just sex, right?
I mean, best sex
I ever had, too,
but that's all it was.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What about the sleepin',
talkin', and hangin' out?
-What about that?
-That's your idea of sex.
Hold on. A man can be wrong.
You said it wasn't sex.
I'm just trying
to go with that.
No, but it was
really nice, Stan.
Wait, hold on.
Let me talk to you
for a minute.
Hold on now.
Wanna ask you something, Mo.
-What?
-Wait, look.
Look, um...
-What?
-I was thinkin'
about that producer.
-The behind-the-camera stuff
you was talkin' about.
-Yeah.
And I'm just wonderin'...
Ain't there something
you can do right here
in Milwaukee?
Stan.
Stan...
Stan, you're being
very sweet.
But we both know
that you ain't never
been serious enough
to go bringin' up
something like that.
So I'll see you at
the ball park, slugger.
(DOOR CLOSES)
(R&B MUSIC PLAYING)
(ORGAN MUSIC PLAYING)
-Hey, Stan.
-Yo.
-Say, "One, two, three, go."
-One, two, three, go.
BOTH: Take me out
to the ball game,
take me out with the crowd.
Buy me some peanuts
and Cracker Jack. Don't care
if I ever get back.
-(BABBLING)
-Yo, yo!
Come on, man,
with that noise. I'm tryin'
to watch a ball game.
What are you
talkin' about,  papi?
This song is baseball.
That ain't no real
baseball song.
You want to hear
a real baseball song?
-Yeah.
-Listen.
(SINGING MISTER SOFTEE
JINGLE)
What the hell is that?
What? Man, let me
tell you something, man.
When I was a kid
on South Side Chicago,
we used to play baseball,
when we got out of school
till it got dark,
when you couldn't
even see your hand
in front of your face.
I used to play center field,
and every single day, man,
Mister Softee
ice-cream truck
used to park right behind me
and play that damn song.
-Told you.
-(SINGING)
T-REX: Yo! Hey, yo!
Yo! Yo! Yo!
Fellas, come on, now.
We got a game
goin' on out here.
Come on, we got a shot
at third place, right?
-You're right, you're right.
-Besides, dog,
that was wack!
Fairmount Park, Philly, son.
We had the Good Humor truck.
And this is what baseball
music sounds like.
(SINGING GOOD HUMOR JINGLE)
(ALL BOOING)
(SINGING MISTER SOFTEE
JINGLE)
PLAYER: That's why
you're not playin' today
'cause of that song.
You're wrong for that.
Don't make no errors.
PLAYER: The ice cream man
is coming!
It was wrong the way I quit
on the team back then.
I was young, Skip.
I was young.
ANNOUNCER: (ON PA)
Now batting,
shortstop, number 46,
Thurman Yost.
Mow him down, Fu!
(HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING)
Son of a...
-Bitch.
-Good. Good. Good.
After the game,
we pick up a...
-Beeyotch.
-All right!
-That's pimp stuff.
-Yeah.
Kiss my...
-Black ass!
-No, don't get personal.
-Don't get personal. No, no.
-T-REX: That's too much.
-I didn't mean it.
-I know.
Stan's batting average in...
1985.
Come on, come on,
come on, come on.
-.327.
-Yeah.
Yeah, okay. Okay, my turn.
Um...
Stan Ross' RBIs in 1981.
-91.
-Oh, no, 93!
Bullcrap! Let me see that.
Yeah, right.
-Crap!
-93.
-Let's play again.
Your turn.
-Don't want to play anymore.
-You don't want to play?
-We got a game. Get serious.
Oh, now we have a ball game.
You're a sore loser.
You know what?
Crybaby!
He's such a crybaby.
(LAUGHING)
-UMPIRE: Strike!
-Oh!
-(GRUNTS)
-One down.
COMMENTATOR:
Game tied at four.
Just one out
and the winning run
at third base
the Astro infield moving in.
And here comes Stan Ross.
He could win
the game right here
with a long fly ball,
but you can bet that's
not what he's thinking.
Infield tight,
hitter's delight.
A great chance to get
hit number 2,999.
T-REX: Come on, y'all.
Here we go, Stan.
(ALL CLAPPING)
Be a hitter, baby.
Be a hitter.
Come on,
just drive the man in.
A good fly ball, okay?
COMMENTATOR:
And here comes the pitch.
(GRUNTS)
He swings and it's
a high fly ball to right.
-It's carrying well.
It's to the warning track.
-Come on.
To the wall!
It is gone!
A home run!
(CHEERING EXCITEDLY)
Stan Ross touches the wall.
I don't believe it.
(EXCLAIMING)
(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING)
(FUNK MUSIC PLAYING)
(YELLS)
(CLAPPING)
Huh? Who the old man, baby?
-Who's the old man, baby?
-21!
Who's the old man, baby?
Huh?
I got your "old man," baby.
I got your "old man."
-Way to go, Stan.
-I gave 'em their money
worth tonight.
Outstanding, outstanding.
-You feel good?
-I feel great.
You look great.
You looked like
a champion out there.
-Stan, let me paint you
a little picture.
-Go ahead.
Miller Park,
standing room only.
-You got that?
-I got it.
43,000 screaming fans,
and they're there
for one reason
and one reason only.
To watch the legendary
Stan Ross step to the plate
and dig in.
Shoot, ain't no picture.
That's a damn Rembrandt.
I agree, and that's why
I'm telling Gus not to
play you on the road.
(STAMMERING) Hold on, man.
Chill out, baby.
What are you talking about?
Man, we're on a roll,
Schembri.
We're going for third place.
-You're one hit away
from making history, Stan.
-Oh...
Don't you think
you owe it to the fans
to do it here at home? Hmm?
I don't know, Schiembri.
You're takin'
half my bats away.
Although I hit a home run,
I'm still 2 for 51.
MASCOT: 2 for 58!
Stan Ross is at the plate!
The fans, they sit and wait,
even though
his swing's too late.
Look, what I'm sayin' is,
come on, don't cut me out.
The team need me.
Come on, now.
Stan, you heard the sausage.
You're 2 for 58.
The team doesn't need you
to get third place.
They're on fire!
Come on, let's face it.
But you, my friend, you have
got to start thinking about
life after baseball.
I'm talking endorsements,
product lines.
A Stan Ross candy bar.
I want you doing press
all week long
on the road, Stan.
You pull this off,
nothing's gonna keep you
out of the Hall of Fame.
You're a champion.
Hey, Stan, Tom Arnold here.
Congratulations
on everything.
The team's on a tear.
You won seven in a row.
You guys could finish third.
Are you really talking to us
from the clubhouse
during the game?
Well, they're not gonna
play me until I come home
off the road,
so I might as well do
something else with my time.
Stan, how does it feel not
to be playing right now?
It don't feel good,
especially the way I've been
swinging the bat,
but that's
the skip's decision.
I have to go with it
because, as you say,
we got a chance
to make third place.
And they were in fifth place
when you got there.
I finally got them playin'
patented Stan Ross baseball.
-Okay, Stan.
-Hey, Stan...
Stan Ross, at 47,
the oldest man
ever to home run
in the major leagues.
How's it feel, slugger?
To tell you the truth, Stan,
we never thought
you could do it,
and some of us
hoped you wouldn't,
-so we owe you
an apology big-time.
-(AUDIENCE BOOING)
Well, you know,
it takes a big man
to admit when they wrong,
but like my teammate,
Kenji Fukuda,
taught me to say...
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
You guys are
world class pricks.
What? What the hell
is he talking about?
-Stan.
-What does the future hold?
-Yeah, Stan.
-What about number 3,000?
What about it?
What game are you actually
gonna get this hit in?
I think I'm gonna get it
on the next at bat.
You got another homer
left in you?
Keep your popcorn by your
side 'cause it's comin'.
(ALL LAUGHING)
-Stan Ross.
-Is it gonna be a home run?
Well, the faster
you throw it in,
the quicker it's goin' out.
(ALL LAUGHING)
Hey, Stan. Listen, I hope
you weren't listening
to all the trash
we were talking about you
before you hit your groove.
Tom, you wouldn't be
where you are if it wasn't
for Roseanne. You know?
(LAUGHING)
You know what?
That would have hurt
if it wasn't true.
-Stan Ross.
-(AUDIENCE APPLAUDS)
Hey, girl, been watchin'?
The whole world
loves me again, baby.
Stan Ross, King of Swing.
Sweetheart,
I'm goin' national.
(SIGHS)
You know, you're starting
to sound a little like
the old Stan now.
No, sweetheart, you gettin'
the best of both worlds.
Old and new Stan Ross.
Team player, baby.
All right, so after you go
national with all the press,
what's gonna be left for me?
-I'm gonna tell you what's
gonna be left for you.
-Hmm.
I'm gonna give you
a special exclusive.
Meet me at the ball park,
Thursday morning at 9:00.
Just you, me, and the team.
See, I called
a special practice
on my day off
on our last home stand.
Wait a minute.
Stan Ross called
for an extra practice?
Now, I never thought
I'd live to see this day.
I guess you are getting
a little serious, huh?
Maybe I'm gettin'
serious about you.
I'll see you at practice.
Baby,
you owe it to yourself.
Bye.
Oh, boy.
(SIGHS)
What you gonna do?
Whoo!
-Hey, hey!
-MAN: How you doin', dog?
Hey, Stan, go get your hit
this Saturday, man.
I got tickets
for that one, huh?
No, I got tickets
for tomorrow!
You save the stubs,
boys and girls,
because I'm going deep
every game,
and they all gonna be
collector's item.
You watch and see.
Come here.
I got a new idea. Listen.
I got a new
PlayStation game,
Hall of Fame Baseball,
where I get a chance to hit
against all those pitchers
that were dead
before I was born,
like Walter Johnson
and Christy Mathewson,
and that candy-ass Cy Young.
-(BOTH CHUCKLING)
-Well, draw up the plans.
You got a call an hour ago
from  The Tonight Show.
-They want you
on there tomorrow.
-I'm on a roll, man.
I'm tellin' you.
That's big-time exposure.
Well, here's the hook.
They want you
at the studio at 9:00.
That's cool.
But you got that extra
practice in the morning.
That's one practice.
One practice.
I'm talking about Jay Leno.
That's bigger than the game.
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
JAY LENO:  Stan Ross!
Come on out here, Stan!
What's up?
What's up, baby?
All on, baby.
(CHEERING CONTINUES)
(GRUNTS)
Have a seat.
All right.
All right. Team Brewer
is on a roll, making
a push for third place.
(LAUGHS) Baby,
I'm on a roll, too, Jay.
I'm on a roll, too.
I'm sure to stay
on that roll you're
taking Ensure every day...
-(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)
-Is it once a day?
And then, you have
a sensible meal for dinner.
I'm not sure.
How does it work?
I can do anything
a 20-year-old can do.
Any doggone thing, baby.
-Anything, huh?
-Show you right.
Show you right.
And I can do it all night.
Dave? Yeah, there's a large
black man hitting
on your wife.
(ALL LAUGHING)
-Yeah, show you right.
-So what's next?
I started my own
little stuff right here.
Check it out. Look at that.
-My own little candy
Ross bar.
-"Ross Bar."
-(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
-Get a shot of that one.
That is the most ratty-ass
candy bar I've ever seen.
What is that? It's a piece
of loose leaf paper
you wrote "Ross Bar" on.
-It's a prototype.
-Oh, the prototype.
You gotta start somewhere.
I'm an entrepreneur.
(AUDIENCE LAUGHING)
You know,
once you get over
the initial modesty,
I think you'll be fine.
You talkin' to the ladies'
pet the men regret.
-(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
-I'm Stan Ross.
-What's my name, baby?
-AUDIENCE: Stan Ross!
-They call me what?
-The boss!
-Because I...
-Pay the cost!
-Because I'm...
-Stan Ross!
-Turn it up, baby!
-(BAND PLAYING FUNK MUSIC)
Stan Ross!
Be right back
right after this.
Don't go away.
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
Yes, sir.
Boca! Yo, Bo!
Did you see me, baby?
(LAUGHS)
Jay and I did our thing.
That ain't no ESPN.
I'm talkin' big-time.
Hey. Hey, baby.
Don't you "baby" me.
I went to the
ball park this morning,
and you weren't there.
Your entire team was there,
and you're a no-show.
-Well, I mean...
-"Well"?
Didn't you call
for the practice?
And besides letting down
your teammates,
you told me
I could interview you.
Well, come on,
interview me now.
Come on, turn the camera on.
It's not like
I'm hiding from you, baby.
I'll come right around.
That ain't nothin'.
Shoot. Come on, baby.
All right, forget this.
I'll just freestyle it.
-Mark, Steve, are you ready?
-Didn't ask if I'm ready.
-Well, you always ready.
-Let me get on that side.
You can see the balls.
It looks better.
-Hey, how you doin'?
-All right, Stan.
STAN: Good.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Come on, baby.
I'm here with Hall of Famer
hopeful Stan Ross,
who is now just one hit
from reclaiming
his cherished
3,000 career hits.
But let's talk
about the name "Mr. 3000."
Fit just right, doesn't it?
Why is there so much
emphasis on the name?
Why do you care
so much about it?
Because it identifies
greatness.
When you think of Mr. 3000,
you think of Mr. Stan Ross,
one of the greatest hitters
straight up and down.
Who were you
before Mr. 3000?
Mr. 3000.
Just kidding. Before that,
I was a young black kid
on the South Side Chicago,
Stanley Ross,
just playin' baseball.
What does Stanley Ross
think of Mr. 3000?
He wants his autograph.
-Really?
-Really.
-What about your teammates?
-They don't need it.
They get the chance to see
history in the making.
Oh, okay.
So what you're saying is,
your teammates get to see
your 3,000th hit,
but not potentially
move into third place?
What I'm saying is,
thousands of people
bought tickets this weekend,
not to see us play
for third place,
but to see me get my hit.
-Really?
-Damn right.
It's the same reason
why everybody else here.
Same reason why they here,
same reason why you here,
-unless you're here
for something else.
-Oh, okay.
You selfish son of a bitch!
-You don't want that
on that camera.
-No, no, I'm fine.
Because I'm not the one
who's desperate
to live his entire life
in front of the camera.
Why don't you just go on
and tell them about Toronto
and the history
you left there?
Oh, come on, Mo.
That's so old.
You old.
Your damn ego is so old!
It hasn't changed, Stan.
I mean, how am I supposed
to even think about
moving back here
when you can't even do
what you say
you're gonna do?
Mo, it's only one
damn practice, baby.
You know it's bigger
than one practice, Stan!
But you're right.
(SCOFFS)
I am here to record
your history in the making.
And it's the same
as it ever was.
Mo.
BOCA: Gonna run after her?
No.
I'll catch her later.
I got ball games to play.
(BOCA CHUCKLES)
What?
-Whew.
-What?
No, I'm just saying, man,
that's why I love you, man.
Wait a minute.
What do you mean?
I'm just saying that I could
always count on you
to do your thing, you know?
You're consistent.
You're always driven.
And you're always
for yourself.
You sayin'
that's a good thing?
I'm just saying.
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
COMMENTATOR:
Just two weeks ago, fans,
the Milwaukee Brewers
seemed willing to accept
their perennial position
in the division cellar.
Is it more than
a coincidence that
their solid defense
and clutch hitting
started with Stan Ross'
2,998th hit?
While Ross was just
a spectator during
their last road trip,
T-Rex Pennebaker has emerged
as the team leader.
We've all witnessed
the mounting frustration
for Ross
who has gone hitless
in the first two games
against the Astros
in this,
his final home stand.
You can't help but wonder
what's going
through his mind
as Ross' window of
opportunity to join that
elite 3,000-hit club
is about to close,
and close before
a nationwide audience.
So, here we are.
The stage is set.
A re-energized team
plays for respectability,
while Stan Ross
knocks on the door
of baseball greatness.
Tonight, 35,000 fans witness
as history unfolds
over nine innings
of Brewers baseball.
Last chance to go out there
and get yours.
COMMENTATOR:
We have a lineup
change tonight.
In hopes of squeezing out
an extra at bat for Ross,
he's hitting cleanup
right behind Rex Pennebaker.
ANNOUNCER: (ON PA)
And now batting,
first baseman, number 21,
-Stan Ross!
-(CROWD CHEERING)
COMMENTATOR:  This big crowd
is charged tonight.
The right-hander Norton,
one of the most fiercely
competitive pitchers
in the league,
will do everything he can
to avoid being a footnote
in baseball history.
One game, one more hit,
and he has that
magical 3,000.
UMPIRE: Ball.
COMMENTATOR:
They're on their feet,
rooting for Ross
to get a hold of one
as Norton gets his sign.
Ross puts
a good swing on it.
It's deep to right field
and carrying well.
Damn.
Yo, Ross!
Why don't you take a seat?
Ain't gettin' that hit off
me tonight! Deal with it!
(WHISTLING)
(PLAYERS CLAPPING)
PLAYER 1:
This guy's slider sucks.
PLAYER 2: Come on, man.
I guess somebody should have
shown up to that practice.
Hey, T, hit the stand, man.
(LAUGHING)
COMMENTATOR:
Home half of the fourth.
It's still a scoreless tie.
This crowd ripe with
anticipation every time
Ross steps to the plate.
Ross swings.
A sharp ground ball
up the middle.
Second baseman Gomez
with a diving stop.
He scrambles.
It's gonna be close.
He's out!
-(CROWD BOOING)
-COMMENTATOR:  Oh, my,
what a close play!
From our angle,
I thought he was safe.
You're wrong!
I'm surprised Stan Ross
isn't protesting the call.
(BOOING CONTINUES)
(CROWD CHEERING)
-That man was safe!
-The man was out.
What game are you watching?
-I called the man out.
-Oh, really?
-I'm watching the
same game you are!
-We are playing
for third place here!
-The man was out!
-We're trying to win
a ball game.
-Don't make me run you, Gus.
You got your head
so far up your ass,
you didn't see the play!
-Head up my ass?
-That's right!
Head up your ass!
Did you say head up my ass?
-That's what I said!
-That's it!
You're outta here!
Let me tell you something!
You're the worst umpire
in this whole league!
(BOTH ARGUING LOUDLY)
-The guy's out! He's out!
-He was safe!
Walk him off the field!
Get him off my field!
You were safe!
-You were beautiful.
Come on, tiger.
-He was safe!
COMMENTATOR:  So it boils
down to the bottom
of the ninth inning.
Still scoreless here
in the final game
of the season.
"Mr. 2999" very likely
will be making
his last plate
appearance of a storied
big-league career.
But first the man
who's become sort of
Ross' protege of late,
-T-Rex Pennebaker.
-(CROWD CHEERING)
And we've got an interesting
situation here, fans.
If Pennebaker homers,
that's the game,
and Ross won't get
another shot.
MAN: Come on, baby.
Come on, baby. Get on.
I'll bring you home.
Come on, get on, baby.
Just get on.
COMMENTATOR:
And that ball is crushed.
A line drive
to deep left center.
It's going, going.
It is off the base
of the wall.
-Yeah!
-Pennebaker rounds first,
heading for second.
-UMPIRE: Safe!
-And he is safe
with a ringing double.
Oh, man! He almost took
the bat right out of
Stan Ross' hands.
But now Ross is up
with not only a chance
for his 3,000th base hit
and a call from Cooperstown,
but an opportunity
to drive in the winning run
and end the Brewers' season
on a high note.
MAN: 3,000, baby!
(CROWD CHEERING)
All right. Come on.
-UMPIRE: Ball.
-(CROWD BOOING)
-Pitch to him.
-Let's go, man.
Get your hit.
(EXHALES)
-Ball.
-Pitch to me, damn it!
Reach out there
and get it, then.
Reach out and get it.
COMMENTATOR:
Those first two deliveries,
way outside.
Ross now crowding the plate.
Two balls, no strikes.
Nothing close from Norton.
(CROWD BOOING)
I'm right here!
(CROWD CLAPPING
RHYTHMICALLY)
COMMENTATOR:  Here we go.
This is it. 3-0, the count.
This crowd roaring,
begging Norton to challenge
Ross with a decent pitch.
BOCA:
I could always count on you
to do your thing, you know?
You're consistent.
You're always driven.
And you're always
for yourself.
That's why I love you.
COMMENTATOR:  Look at this!
Ross lays a sacrifice bunt
up the first-base line,
and T-Rex isn't stopping
at third.
Here's a throw
to first base,
and Ross is out.
Here comes the play.
The slide, the tag.
He is safe! He is safe!
The Brewers win!
The Brewers win! Oh, my!
(DISCO MUSIC PLAYING)
CROWD: (CHANTING)
Stan! Stan! Stan! Stan!
(CONTINUES CHANTING)
(INAUDIBLE)
STAN:  Corny enough for you?
Well, it gets worse.
First off,
now all of a sudden,
the press loves me.
Took 'em long enough,
though, huh?
The Hall of Fame voted me in
on the very next ballot.
And as you can imagine,
I had plenty
of people to thank.
And old Mo.
She decided to move back
to Milwaukee after all.
I know she said
I'd never get serious,
but these days,
I'm even thinking
about gettin' married.
You know, so I can have
that great sex all the time.
(CHUCKLES)
And hot damn, if Boca didn't
just up and move to Boca.
I can see him right now,
helping some
lost soul, sayin',
-"Do your thing."
-Do your thing.
And me, I retired again,
like you probably figured.
But I didn't want to go out
without leavin' the fellas
a little somethin'
to remember me by.
T-REX: Watch this now.
Watch this.
Even though I left the game,
I couldn't stay
too far from it,
so I bought me that song.
(MISTER SOFTEE JINGLE
PLAYING)
(JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)
STAN:  And that's
the whole story.
Like my baby Mo says,
"It's all about figurin' out
who you are."
And some of that's
just a matter
of gettin' a little older
and acceptin' it.
-And I can deal with that.
-(GIGGLES)
Just 'cause I'm retired
don't mean I'm invisible.
In fact, I'm guessin'
you've probably seen
my commercial
once or twice yourself.